while out either internet people Isabeau
again I got a message I'm gonna remove a
lot of information from it because it
was personally identifying and I'm gonna
char publicly because I think a whole
lot of people could benefit from hearing
it okay
so starts off with we're from the same
area I spent eight years in the SF you
seem to understand I was medically
discharged I'm back home now around my
French from high school before I
enlisted I was racist like really racist
they still are they keep telling me how
I've changed and it bothers me what am I
supposed to do how do i reconcile my
past beliefs how do I explain my current
ones I want to get active and make the
world a better place and I think I have
the skill set to do it and I find myself
leaning towards the word you won't say
how can I possibly get active with my
past
I'll get cancelled if they find out
I've been through a lot of this for me
it wasn't a year as it was five but same
thing come back to a small town man
you've changed the question my friend is
not why have you changed in eight years
the question is why haven't they changed
in eight years evening dear friends you
don't need to explain anything develop
nothing
you don't owe them an explanation at all
you don't you were racist of course you
are we were from hometown you grew up in
that pretty much goes without saying I'm
familiar I've been there a few times now
you're not yeah travel will do that to
you travel will do that to you you get
exposed to different things along the
way race ethnicity language these things
they slip away as dividers so yeah that
changes you've evolved good
you're gonna keep evolving to your past
is your past everybody got one everybody
believed something problematic at one
point in time and everybody still does
nobody is as enlightened as they think
they are
everybody has beliefs that are wrong
everybody you me everybody watching this
video there's something that they
believe that it's just dead wrong it is
what it is you're gonna keep rolling in
your case being SF I'm willing to bet
that you are incredibly ablest yeah race
ethnicity gender orientation country of
origin these things mean nothing to you
anymore
there's no bias there you're done with
that but the best and brightest got a
job to do man
you weren't exposed to people that are
disabled that's what changed it wasn't
that you had some epiphany you were
exposed to these different things you
saw that all men are pretty much the
same
that's what changed because you weren't
exposed to this you're still gonna have
those biases and it's not that you look
down on people it's that you're not
conscious of it the way you are the
other things and this is one I can
cocktail it wasn't even that long ago
couple months ago a friend of mine he's
redoing his bathroom and we're standing
there and they're talking about how
they've got a widen his door to make it
will chair accessible and you know
nobody in his house is in a wheelchair
and we're standing there talking about
just how stupid it is and it wasn't the
architect
it wasn't the the contractor wasn't a
carpenter it was literally a day laborer
and I love that because I'll tell you
something else you probably still have
in you is a class you you may need to
work on your class consciousness a
little bit but this guy he stands up an
interjection of conversation and he's
like hey what we're doing is we're what
kind of retrofitting all the houses when
people you know update your updating
your bathroom so we're gonna widen the
door it's gonna cost you like half a
percent extra you're not even gonna
notice it in the end price and the
problem is that right now you know all
the doors are this standard size and we
want them to be wider so people will
chairs can get in and out and then this
will become the standard size because
right now people in wheelchairs they got
a retrofit anyhow that they get and it's
kind of like tax on disabled people yeah
yeah it makes complete sense that
actually sounds like a good idea carry
on you know we had never thought of it
because we weren't exposed to it we had
no idea that this was even an issue
you're gonna run into the stuff like
that all the time you will continue to
grow you will continue to see things in
a different light as long as you allow
yourself to new information should
change the way you see things growing as
a person a lot like those PT
requirements I'm sure there was a time
when that two-mile run of 15 minutes
seemed daunting
after a while I was nothing and you set
a new goal you got stronger same thing
is gonna happen with your mind and the
way you think and the way you evolve as
a person right now you think you're at
your peak you're not nobody is
everybody's gonna get better now as far
as your past everybody's got a past
people understand that you know it just
you know these were your beliefs then
these are your beliefs now most people
understand that people grow everybody
has skeletons and their closet some of
us have mass graves it's okay the point
is that you're growing now if you were
hold on to those yeah that mainly Chi
getting cancelled but as long as you're
continuing to move it's probably not
going to be a problem yeah there's gonna
be some people that don't like it some
people are gonna say well he didn't
really change he's just saying that or
whatever and that's fine don't worry
about them it's not a competition it's
not who's the most woke just continue
growing and showing that through actions
and people will understand people will
get it everybody has a problematic past
in some way everybody but as long as you
keep showing that your current actions
are different than that people aren't
gonna care people are not gonna care
you cannot allow your past to define you
one of my one of the youtubers I watch a
lot it's a guy named Aaron his channel
is called reeducation he's an ex Nazi
he now is somebody you probably really
like so don't think that just because
you're past it is bad that people don't
want you to get better I think people
would be more supportive than you think
people change
if you don't look back on the person you
were 5 10 2 years ago and just cringe at
how stupid you were you're not growing
as a person
and you're failing at life because
that's the whole point anyway it's just
a fault you have a good night